Add `Jsonify` type (#244)
sindresorhus/type-fest: readme.md

- [`SetReturnType`](source/set-return-type.d.ts) - Create a function type with a return type of your choice and the same parameters as the given function type.
- [`Asyncify`](source/asyncify.d.ts) - Create an async version of the given function type.
- [`Simplify`](source/simplify.d.ts) - Flatten the type output to improve type hints shown in editors.

> - [`IsJsonable`](source/is-jsonable.d.ts) - Transforms type T into a type that can be structurally matched to [`JsonValue`](source/basic.d.ts) type alias

Reviewer: Needs a simpler description.

Author: How is "Transforms a type to a type that is assignable to `JsonValue` type". (This is what I wrote in most recent commits).

I am open to discussion.  It is kind of like a mapped type, but it does so recursively. And it is a kind of identity for primitives and primitive properties.  So I chose 'transforms'.   And I think it is simpler to say the new type is "assignable".

Reviewer: > Transforms a type to a type that is assignable to JsonValue type

Sounds good, but `transforms` => `transform`.

- [`SetReturnType`](source/set-return-type.d.ts) - Create a function type with a return type of your choice and the same parameters as the given function type.
- [`Asyncify`](source/asyncify.d.ts) - Create an async version of the given function type.
- [`Simplify`](source/simplify.d.ts) - Flatten the type output to improve type hints shown in editors.

> - [`Jsonify`](source/jsonify.d.ts) - Transforms a type to a type that is assignable to `JsonValue` type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Jsonify`](source/jsonify.d.ts) - Transform a type to a type that is assignable to the `JsonValue` type
```

> - [`Jsonify`](source/jsonify.d.ts) - Transform a type to a type that is assignable to the `JsonValue` type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`Jsonify`](source/jsonify.d.ts) - Transform a type to one that is assignable to the `JsonValue` type
```

How about this? Felt like too many "type" words.

Reviewer: The description should also end in a `.`

Author: See 0f760c94deb510f0829ec4dd90e3adb0909c8356
